Release 0.9.0 (#835)
genomic-medicine-sweden/nallo: docs/parameters.md

| `skip_snv_calling` | Skip short variant calling | `boolean` | False |  |  |
| `skip_genome_assembly` | Skip genome assembly and assembly variant calling | `boolean` | False |  |  |
| `skip_alignment` | Skip read mapping (alignment) | `boolean` | False |  |  |
| `skip_methylation_calling` | Skip methylation calling | `boolean` | False |  |  |
| `skip_repeat_calling` | Skip tandem repeat calling | `boolean` | False |  |  |
| `skip_repeat_annotation` | Skip tandem repeat annotation | `boolean` | False |  |  |

> | `skip_chromograph` | Skip chromograph image generation. False by default, but true if neither plot_chromograph_coverage nor plot_chromograph_autozygosity is set. | `boolean` | False |  |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `skip_chromograph` | Skip chromograph image generation. False by default, but true if either plot_chromograph_coverage or plot_chromograph_autozygosity is not set. | `boolean` | False |  |  |
```
